In this assignment, I was asked to implement three algorithms for the distributed systems subject.
In each assignment there are detailed instructions on how to run each program.
There is also a runner for each one of the built in examples. 



***Token Ring***

The first assignment was to create a ring of peers.
The idea was to implement mutual exclusion in a distributed fashion.
There is one token, that is shared by the peers, and passed down in a hand-me-down fashion every second.
Each time a peer has the token, he is allowed to enter the critical region, and empty his queue of operations. Otherwise, the peers are always generating operations, following a Poisson distribution, and must hold them in a queue, until they have the token again.



***Anti-Entropy***

In the second assignment, a topology of *n* peers was created, and each peer specifies which other peers he should connect to.
Each peer must generate words that are added to a private dictionary.
At a given moment, following a Poisson distribution, a peer might select another peer, with whom it will exchange its current set of words, using a push-pull operation. After completing the operation, both peers have exactly the same information.
This is a algorithm for information diffusion, using lazy propagation.



***Total Order Multicast***

In the last assignment, a topology of *n* peers was created. Each peer knows the address of every other peer, and generates some words.
Each time a peer generates a word, he must send it to all the other peers.
Using Lamport Clocks, the messages are adequately timestamped, and every peers prints all the words (generated by all the peers), following the same ordering.
We can use a program like *tkdiff* to compare the outputs of the peers.
